From: Dennis Wray
Date: Mon, 31. December 2007 01:01
Subject: 2k tiny basic

Hi!

I notice you are looking for the 2K Tiny Basic issued by Nascom for T2
and T4. Well here it is!

I obtained the code in the late 1970s and used it for a home brew Z80
computer I made at the time. I had to change a line or two here or there
(like 1F to OD etc) to make it work on my computer. I found it on an old
cassette of mine in the attic, in Kansas City code! Now I have very
carefully put everything back as it was in the Nascom. I have also
constructed a source file with lots of annotation from the original
version by Wang (this is what Nascom used), together with my own
annotation. I think you will find it useful! You can compile it with
TASM, and check for yourself that everything works, if you still have a
Nascom.  Tiny Basic goes at F800-FFFF, but there is a little
initialisation program you need to run first that you will find at 0D50
in the source file. As well as the source file, I have attached the nas
file for the Tiny Basic from F800-FFFF . Please let me know if you have
any problems with getting it to work. Note though it is only for TBug
(T2 or T4, should work with both), not NasSys.

I checked it with nasbugT2 and nasbugT4 in Vnascom â€“ it worked fine.

I thought I would send you the rom file as well, as that will be better
than the nas file. The reason for this is that I made the nas file using
the Basic programs on your website, but unfortunately that puts return
as 0D instead of 1F etc, which is no good for T2 and T4. So I suggest
you use the rom file on your website rather than the nas file.

